the great George Bernard Shaw once wrote
what we want is to see the child in
pursuit of knowledge and not knowledge
in pursuit of the child
All Saints Grammar School is one of the
most respected dynamic and well
resourced Falls anywhere in Australia
spanning two beautiful and diverse
campuses All Saints Grammar School has
developed a curriculum for learning and
a curriculum for living to ensure its
graduates become significant
contributors to society at a
professional personal and cultural level
this is the true meaning of education a
broader sense of learning and a
meaningful contribution both at school
and the art let us stand well this is
the school motto and it underpins
everything both teachers and students
aim to achieve it is as much an
invitation as it is a mantra to have the
courage to preserve and develop in
future generations the principles are
symbolized through everyday learning not
anyone else's expense
excellent results every student is
encouraged to fulfill their potential
and also school empowers at students to
develop a love for knowledge and
learning which in turn provides a
lifelong confidence to meet the
challenges for to lay ahead
numerous intra and extracurricular
activities are offered ranging from
sport to drama through two
internationally recognized scientific
pursuits in solar technology and
sustainable Environmental Management
students are encouraged to explore and
expand their natural curiosity for
learning and their specific talents
physical activity and sporting
participation are encouraged not only to
improve student health and well-being
but to nurture life skills and
confidence
progressive exercise programs geared for
students of differing abilities and
proficiency have been specially
developed to ensure that there is an
inclusive aspect to general health and
well-being rather than purely
instructive in a few short minutes
you've seen a snapshot of the features
and facilities of a school that has
gained a reputation for successful
education through progressive and
traditional curriculum the appeal and
wonderful culture of All Saints Grammar
School can only be appreciated by being
here the principal teaching and support
staff along with the student body
welcomed the opportunity to meet with
new parents and children so they too can
discover more about learning as it
should be
you